Add note about skipping upstream cache during revalidation (#38014)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration.md

When a request is made to a path that hasn’t been generated, Next.js will server-render the page on the first request. Future requests will serve the static file from the cache. ISR on Vercel [persists the cache globally and handles rollbacks](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/next.js/incremental-static-regeneration).

> Note: during a revalidation fresh data should be requested from your upstream provider so if the provider has caching enabled by default you will want to bypass this (e.g. `useCdn: false`) otherwise a revalidation won't be able to pull fresh data to update the cache with correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note:  Check if your upstream data provider has caching enabled by default. You might need to disable (e.g. `useCdn: false`), otherwise a revalidation won't be able to pull fresh data to update the Next.js cache.
```

> > Note:  Check if your upstream data provider has caching enabled by default. You might need to disable (e.g. `useCdn: false`), otherwise a revalidation won't be able to pull fresh data to update the Next.js cache. When using Next.js on Vercel, caching is enabled by default through the Vercel Edge Network.

Reviewer 2: Slightly modified - thoughts?

Author: > When using Next.js on Vercel, caching is enabled by default through the Vercel Edge Network

Is this referring to API routes, as caching isn't enabled by default there unless the `cache-control` header is set. Also not sure how common it is to fetch from a Vercel endpoint during a revalidation instead of database or CMS like Contentful

Author: Tweaked about more in https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/38014/commits/bead242ff01a5ee0e3789a0d216eadc56b63d647 wdyt?

When a request is made to a path that hasn’t been generated, Next.js will server-render the page on the first request. Future requests will serve the static file from the cache. ISR on Vercel [persists the cache globally and handles rollbacks](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/next.js/incremental-static-regeneration).

> > Note: Check if your upstream data provider has caching enabled by default. You might need to disable (e.g. `useCdn: false`), otherwise a revalidation won't be able to pull fresh data to update the ISR cache. Caching can occur at a CDN for an endpoint being requested when it returns the `cache-control` header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: Check if your upstream data provider has caching enabled by default. You might need to disable (e.g. `useCdn: false`), otherwise a revalidation won't be able to pull fresh data to update the ISR cache. Caching can occur at a CDN (for an endpoint being requested) when it returns the `Cache-Control` header.
```
